# LIKE PREDICTION & CLUSTERING OF DINING SITES IN INDIAN METRO CITIES

India boasts an incredibly diverse collection of restaurants catering to different palettes and appetites. A large part of marketing for a modern restaurant (or any company) is social media, where the number of "likes" that the company can receive will dictate its brand and image to the public. For a new food business owner (or existing company) to open a new restaurant in India, knowing ahead of time the potential social media image they can have would provide an excellent solution to the ever-present business problem of uncertainty. In this case the uncertainty is regarding performance of social media presence.

We can mitigate this uncertainty through leveraging data gathered from FourSquare's API, specifically, we are able to scrape "likes" data of different restaurants directly from the API as well as their location and category of cuisine. The question we will try to address is, how accurately can we predict the amount of "likes" a new restaurant opening in this region can expect to have based on the type of cuisine it will serve and which city in India it will open in. (For the purposes of this analysis, we will contain the geographical scope of analysis to thirteen heavily populated metro cities in India, namely Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune, Visakhapatnam, Kanpur, Surat, Patna, Jaipur, Nagpur). 

Leveraging this data will solve the problem as it allows the new business owner (or existing company) to make pre-emptive business decisions regarding opening the restaurant in terms of whether it is feasible to open one in this region and expect good social media presence, what type of cuisine and which city of three would be the best. This project will analyse and model the data via machine learning through comparing regression, logistic regression and Support Vector Machines to see which method will yield better predictive capabilities after training and testing. An additional aspect of the project also includes CLUSTERING of existing restaurants in these cities which can help an existing owner decide which city is most like his present city and where can he get similar public response if he decides to build a new restaurant there.
